# Celebrity Test
This application was generated by Ludwing Badillo Dominguez

# Tools
To build o run porject it´s necesary:

+ Maven Version: 3.5.0
+ Java Version: 1.8.0.144

## Project Structure
The following is the folder structure:

+ basicttest
	+ src
		+ main
			+ java
		+ test
	+ target (after build)
	+ celebrity.txt (file needed to run the application)

All commands must be execute in the root (basicttest)

## Build
Run the following command to build the project:

    mvn clean install

This command will generate a new .jar file inside the target folder

## Run application
After build the project is necessary create a new text file called celebrity.txt (see change input data section).

To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar target/basicttest-1.0-SNAPSHOT-shaded.jar

With this command the application will be executed with the default example that the project brings. In other words, it will take the data from the celebrity.txt file located at the root of the project.  If this file is not present at the same level of the jar file the execute will fail.
When a celebrity is found executing the application, the following text will be printed on the screen:

`The Celebrity ID is 2`

In case you do not find any celebrity it will be printed

`No Celebrity ID was found in the file`

### Copy jar

It is possible to copy the .jar file to another folder and run the application. For this it is necessary to copy or create a new file celebrity.txt and leave it in the same folder as the .jar. To execute the application you must execute:

    java -jar basicttest-1.0-SNAPSHOT-shaded.jar

### Change input data

The necessary data to find the celebrity are in the file celebrity.txt; The basic structure of the file is as follows:

  001
  
  001
  
  000

each row of this file represents 1 if the person is known and 0 if it is not. For the previous example the celebrity is the third row (id 2 taking into account that starts from 0) since he does not know anyone (all entries are 0) and everyone knows him.


## Testing

To launch the application's tests, run:

    mvn clean test

# Assumptions
1. The celebrity.txt file must be present and must contain only one (1) for the known person and zeros (0), for which it is not.

2. If there are two or more celebrities, the application will return the id of the first one it found; for this case it will return id 2:

	0010
	
	0010
	
	0000
	
	0000

3. The application looks for the person who does not know anyone; once you find it, the processing ends; for the following case:

	001000
	
	001000
	
	000000
	
	000000
	
	001000
	
	001000

only process up to id 2 (third row), the rest of the rows are not processed.
